add missing Issues content for Review List GA (#3255)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/issues/states-triage/index.mdx

---
title: Issue States and Triage
sidebar_order: 30
description: "Learn more about issue states and how to triage issues."
---

To help organize issues for you and your team, you can take actions such as assigning, resolving, or ignoring issues. These actions are referred to as _triaging_.

An issue can be in one of three states:

1. Unresolved: The default state for all new issues.

> 2. Ignored: The issue is ignored permanently or until a condition is met to move it to a state of Unignored. [Issue alerts](/product/alerts-notifications/issue-alerts/) are suppressed for ignored issues.

Reviewer: "move it to the Unresolved state"

3. Resolved: The issue is resolved because it was fixed. You can also mark an issue as Resolved if you don't expect it to happen again.

## Issue Triage

Triaging is the act of deciding what action you want to take on an issue. It typically involves one or more of these actions.

### Assign

> You can assign issues to teams or individuals manually or let issues be automatically assign by setting up [ownership rules](/product/issues/issue-owners/). This helps you and your team see only the issues that you care about. You might also see a list of suggested assignees including the owners of suspect commits. Typically, assigning an issue to a team indicates that the team owns the issue and that they're responsible for triaging it further.

Reviewer: "This allows you to route issues to the right people and helps you and your team see only relevant issues."

</Note>

The Issues page is organized into tabs, each corresponding to a filtered list of issues:

- All Unresolved (`is:unresolved`): All unresolved issues, including issues that need review.
- For Review (`is:unresolved is:for_review`): Issues that need to be reviewed; for-review issues are a subset of all unresolved issues.
- Ignored (`is:ignored`): All ignored issues.
- Saved Searches: Select from a set of [premade](/product/sentry-basics/search/#premade-searches) and custom [saved searches](/product/sentry-basics/search/#organization-wide-saved-searches). The name of the tab changes based on your selection.

These different lists help you with the triaging process.

When any of the following conditions occur for an issue, that issue is is flagged for review and displayed in the For-Review tab, or Review List:

- A new issue is created; it's labeled "New Issue"
- A resolved issue re-occurs; it's labeled "Regression"
- An ignored issue meets its ignore conditions; it's labeled "Unignored"

For-review issues are a subset of all unresolved issues.

> You can mark issues as reviewed, and [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) removes the reason label (the issue stays in the Unresolved state). Unlike ignoring an issue, this is a way to acknowledge an issue that you've seen the update to the issue but don't want to ignore it; that is, you intend to fix it at some point in the future. This action is only available on issues flagged for review.

Reviewer: "this is a way to acknowledge that you've..."

---
title: Issue States and Triage
sidebar_order: 30
description: "Learn more about issue states and how to triage issues."
---

To help organize issues for you and your team, you can take actions such as assigning, resolving, or ignoring issues. These actions are referred to as _triaging_.

An issue can be in one of three states:

1. Unresolved: The default state for all new issues.
2. Ignored: The issue is ignored permanently or until a condition is met to move it to a state of Unignored. [Issue alerts](/product/alerts-notifications/issue-alerts/) are suppressed for ignored issues.
3. Resolved: The issue is resolved because it was fixed. You can also mark an issue as Resolved if you don't expect it to happen again.

## Issue Triage

Triaging is the act of deciding what action you want to take on an issue. It typically involves one or more of these actions.

### Assign

> You can assign issues to teams or individuals manually or let [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) automatically assign issues by setting up [ownership rules](/product/issues/issue-owners/). This helps you and your team see only the issues that you care about. You might also see a list of suggested assignees including the owners of suspect commits.

Author: ```suggestion
You can assign issues to teams or individuals manually or let issues be automatically assign by setting up [ownership rules](/product/issues/issue-owners/). This helps you and your team see only the issues that you care about. You might also see a list of suggested assignees including the owners of suspect commits. Typically, assigning an issue to a team indicates that the team owns the issue and that they're responsible for triaging it further.
```

### Link Issues

Create an issue in an external project management tool like Jira that tracks the Sentry issue, or link an existing one. [Two-way sync](/product/sentry-basics/guides/getting-started/#33-issue-tracking) is available for some tools. Issues linked using [global integrations](/product/integrations/integration-platform/#public-integrations) or [internal integrations](/product/integrations/integration-platform/#internal-integrations) are searchable using the terms `is:linked` and `is:unlinked`.

### Resolve

Resolve an issue when it's fixed or you don't expect it to happen again. You can do this manually or by [including the issue ID in a commit](/product/integrations/gitlab/#resolve-via-commit-or-pull-request).

> 

Author: ```suggestion
<Note>

The Auto Resolve setting defines the amount of time an issue can go without being seen again (that is, no new events on that issue) before it's automatically resolved. To check if this has been defined for a project, go to **[Project] > Settings > General Settings** and check the Event Settings section.

</Note>

```

### Ignore

> Ignore an issue **permanently** (the default action when you press the button) if it's just noise and you'll likely never care about it. Or ignore it until a condition is met (at which point it becomes Unresolved and flagged for review). You can also set an issue to Ignore if you're working on the issue if you don't want to keep getting alerts.

Author: ```suggestion
Ignore an issue **permanently** (the default action when you press the button) if it's just noise and you'll likely never care about it. Or ignore it until a condition is met, at which point it becomes Unresolved. You can also set an issue to Ignore if you're working on the issue if you don't want to keep getting alerts.
```

### Delete

Delete an issue to remove it from the system. A new issue is created if a new instance of the issue (a new event) occurs.

### Delete and Discard

Delete and discard an issue to remove it from the system. A new issue is not created even if a new instance of the issue (a new event) occurs.

### Reprocess

[Reprocessing](/product/issues/reprocessing/) allows you to apply source maps and debug information files to error events that have already occurred.

> <Note>
> 
> The Auto Resolve setting defines the amount of time an issue can go without being seen again (that is, no new events on that issue) before it's automatically resolved. To check if this has been defined for a project, go to **[Project] > Settings > General Settings** and check the Event Settings section.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 
> </Note>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Issue List Tabs

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

The Issues page is organized into tabs, each corresponding to a filtered list of issues:

> - All Unresolved (`is:unresolved`): All unresolved issues, including issues in the "For Review" tab.

Author: ```suggestion
- All Unresolved (`is:unresolved`): All unresolved issues, including issues that need review.
```

- For Review (`is:unresolved is:for_review`): Issues that need to be reviewed; for-review issues are a subset of all unresolved issues.
- Ignored (`is:ignored`): All ignored issues.
- Saved Searches: Select from a set of [premade](/product/sentry-basics/search/#premade-searches) and custom [saved searches](/product/sentry-basics/search/#organization-wide-saved-searches). The name of the tab changes based on your selection.

These different lists help you with the triaging process.

> When any of the following conditions occur for an issue, that issue is displayed in the For-Review tab, or Review List:

Author: ```suggestion
When any of the following conditions occur for an issue, that issue is is flagged for review and displayed in the For-Review tab, or Review List:
```

- A new issue is created; it's labeled "New Issue"
- A resolved issue re-occurs; it's labeled "Regression"
- An ignored issue meets its ignore conditions; it's labeled "Unignored"

For-review issues are a subset of all unresolved issues.

> You can mark issues as reviewed, and [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) removes the reason label (the issue stays in the Unresolved state). Unlike ignoring an issue, this is a way to acknowledge an issue that you intend to fix at some point. This is only available on issues flagged for review.

Author: ```suggestion
You can mark issues as reviewed, and [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) removes the reason label (the issue stays in the Unresolved state). Unlike ignoring an issue, this is a way to acknowledge an issue that you've seen the update to the issue but don't want to ignore it; that is, you intend to fix it at some point in the future. This action is only available on issues flagged for review.
```

Note that resolving or ignoring an issue implicitly marks the issue reviewed.

> To keep your Review List fresh, [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) automatically marks issues as reviewed if they remain untouched in the list for seven days.

Author: ```suggestion
To keep your Review List fresh, [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) automatically marks issues as reviewed if they haven't already been reviewed after seven days.
```

---
title: Issue States and Triage
sidebar_order: 30
description: "Learn more about issue states and how to triage issues."
---
To help organize issues for you and your team, you can take actions such as assigning, resolving, or ignoring issues. These actions are referred to as _triaging_.

An issue can be in one of three states:

1. Unresolved: The default state for all new issues.
2. Ignored: The issue is ignored permanently or until a condition is met to move it to a state of Unignored. [Issue alerts](/product/alerts-notifications/issue-alerts/) are suppressed for ignored issues.
3. Resolved: The issue is resolved because it was fixed. You can also mark an issue as Resolved if you don't expect it to happen again.

## Issue Triage

Triaging is the act of deciding what action you want to take on an issue. It typically involves one or more of these actions.

### Assign

> You can assign issues to teams or individuals manually or let [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) automatically assign issues by setting up [ownership rules](/product/issues/issue-owners/). This helps you and your team see only the issues that you care about. You might also see a list of suggested assignees including the owners of suspect commits.

Reviewer: Let's add, "Typically, assigning to a team indicates that the team owns the issue and they're responsible for triaging it further."

### Link Issues

Create an issue in an external project management tool like Jira that tracks the Sentry issue, or link an existing one. [Two-way sync](/product/sentry-basics/guides/getting-started/#33-issue-tracking) is available for some tools. Issues linked using [global integrations](/product/integrations/integration-platform/#public-integrations) or [internal integrations](/product/integrations/integration-platform/#internal-integrations) are searchable using the terms `is:linked` and `is:unlinked`.

TO DO add image here

### Resolve

Resolve an issue when it's fixed or you don't expect it to happen again. You can do this manually or by [including the issue ID in a commit](/product/integrations/gitlab/#resolve-via-commit-or-pull-request).

### Ignore

> Ignore an issue **permanently** (the default action when you press the button) if it's just noise and you'll likely never care about it. Or ignore it until a condition is met (at which point it becomes Unresolved and flagged for review). You can also set an issue to Ignore if you're working on the issue if you don't want to keep getting alerts.

Reviewer: since flag for review is in EA, let's not mention it here

### Delete

Delete an issue to remove it from the system. A new issue is created if a new instance of the issue (a new event) occurs.

### Delete and Discard

Delete and discard an issue to remove it from the system. A new issue is not created even if a new instance of the issue (a new event) occurs.

### Reprocess

[Reprocessing](/product/issues/reprocessing/) allows you to apply source maps and debug information files to error events that have already occurred.

<Note>

> The Auto Resolve setting defines the amount of time an issue can go without being seen again (that is, no new events on that issue) before it's automatically resolved. To check if this has been defined for a project, go to **[Project] > Settings > General Settings** and check the Event Settings section.

Reviewer: Can we put this note in the resolve section?

</Note>

## Issue List Tabs

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

The Issues page is organized into tabs, each corresponding to a filtered list of issues:

> - All Unresolved (`is:unresolved`): All unresolved issues, including issues in the "For Review" tab.

Reviewer: "...including issues that need review"

- For Review (`is:unresolved is:for_review`): Issues that need to be reviewed; for-review issues are a subset of all unresolved issues.
- Ignored (`is:ignored`): All ignored issues.
- Saved Searches: Select from a set of [premade](/product/sentry-basics/search/#premade-searches) and custom [saved searches](/product/sentry-basics/search/#organization-wide-saved-searches). The name of the tab changes based on your selection.

These different lists help you with the triaging process.

> When any of the following conditions occur for an issue, that issue is displayed in the For-Review tab, or Review List:

Reviewer: "that issue is flagged for review and displayed in the..."

- A new issue is created; it's labeled "New Issue"
- A resolved issue re-occurs; it's labeled "Regression"
- An ignored issue meets its ignore conditions; it's labeled "Unignored"

For-review issues are a subset of all unresolved issues.

> You can mark issues as reviewed, and [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) removes the reason label (the issue stays in the Unresolved state). Unlike ignoring an issue, this is a way to acknowledge an issue that you intend to fix at some point. This is only available on issues flagged for review.

Reviewer: "to acknowledge that you've seen the update to the issue but don't want to ignore it, that is, you intend to fix it at some point in the future."

"this is only....." -> "this _action_ is only available" (for a bit more clarity)

Note that resolving or ignoring an issue implicitly marks the issue reviewed.

> To keep your Review List fresh, [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) automatically marks issues as reviewed if they remain untouched in the list for seven days.

Reviewer: "if they haven't already been reviewed for 7 days"

Author: @adhiraj Changed the wording here from your suggestion very slightly. If this still isn't exact, let's open a new PR.
